another man is dead people make choices
Wendy we're not to live on the weight of
those decisions at least admit it was
good for us we know the morning birth
wonders millions of dollars a year for
the Navarro cartel what we need to know
are the details of how he does it you do
realize that you're betting everything
I'm being able to pull this off came as
some surprise spoken to
your businessman oh you died
[Music]
martín use you up and spit you in may I
remind you of your debt to us
don't [ __ ] with my client affiliate
children look me in the eye and tell me
that you've never lied to us about
anything
have you killed other people what does
not kill PK guys that's it please to
school learning no just people that work
for least aceton we were different than
them
and you're the one who is always said
people make choices
[Music]
you